Fix scrollIntoView method (replace type to getType()) (#4127)
ckeditor/ckeditor4: tests/core/selection/manual/scrollintoview.md

> @bender-tags: selection, 4.14.1, bug, 4041

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@bender-tags: selection, 4.14.2, bug, 4041
```

@bender-ui: collapsed
@bender-ckeditor-plugins: wysiwygarea, divarea, toolbar

1. Place cursor at the end of `Welcome letter`.
1. Scroll to the end of editor.
1. Press cog button.

## Expected

> You should be scrolled to `Welcome letter` string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should be scrolled to `Welcome letter` text line.
```

## Unexpected

> You are not scrolled to `Welcome letter` string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are not scrolled to `Welcome letter` text line.
```
